What do you need ? I need to use the Internet . You have your library card , right ? Yes , I do . There is a wait right now to use the computers . That ' s fine .  Would you please write your name on this list ? Then what ? I will call you when a computer is free . How do I log on to the computer ? Use the number on the back of your library card . Thanks . I ' ll be sitting over there . 

Do you like flowers ? Of course , I like . What's your favorite flower ? Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival . Spring is a lively season . Yes . How about you ? I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter . You have a perfect taste ! It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms . But it used to be ignored by many people . The bright people will remember it forever . Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing .

There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street . I hope that they have a good menu . Most coffee shops only have coffee and Danish . That's right . You don't drink coffee , do you ? No , so it's usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop . 

Which church do you attend ? I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . What ' s the difference between this and other Churches ? Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church . Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt ? That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all . Do you believe that Mormons have all of it ? Yes . Why do you really go to church ? We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church . 

The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ? It's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun . Well , then , may I invite you for the next dance ? Of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ... Don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself . You're dancing so well . You dance beautifully too . When did you learn to dance ? In college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance ? It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz .

I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution . Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country . Of course , my country is more agricultural and has much less industry . We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced . The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don't believe that any single country can do anything about it . I think you're right . There needs to be an international response to this problem ?

Have you been ever been to Disney world ? When I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which Ñ is that one Disney land or Disney world ? The one in Florida is Disney world and the one in California is Disney land , so you must have been to Disney land . That's right . Why do you ask ? Well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disney world for my honeymoon .

Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend . A house warming party ? Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn . Congratulations ! That ' s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy . Well , we have always dreamed of owning our own home , but real estate 1 in this area is extremely expensive . I understand . That ' s why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town , far from the city . That ' s a good idea if you can find employment nearby . I agree . That 's why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin .

The weather in Beijing is just beautiful ! Autumn is the best season in Beijing , you know . Yes , I can see . The summer heat is over , and the winter cold is still far away . What is the weather like in Washington at this time of this year ? Autumn is also very nice in Washington . Is it very cold in winter there ? No , it isn't . But sometimes it snows a lot in winter . Does it rain a lot in summer there ? Oh yes ! Sometimes it rains very heavily. How about here in Beijing ?  There's a lot of rain in summer , but it seldom rains in autumn . I feel it's rather dry here .