The kitchen stinks. I will throw out the garbage. So Dick, how about getting some coffee for tonight?Coffee? I do not honestly like that kind of stuff. Come on, you can at least try a little, besides your cigarette. What is wrong with that? A cigarette is the thing I go crazy for.Not for me, Dick.

My mother bought me a new video game.  What is it like? Well, the hero is a Super Warrior. He has to fight the bad guys to find the treasure. Who are the bad guys? There are a lot! Two really bad ones are Giant Monster and Human Spider. Wow! 

Are things still going badly with your houseguest? Getting worse. Now he's eating me out of the house and home. I've tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other. He makes himself at home, which is fine. But what really gets me is that yesterday he walked into the living room in the raw and I had company over! That was the last straw. Leo, I really think you're beating around the bush with this guy. I know he used to be your best friend in college, but I really think it's time to lay down the law. You're right. Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight. I'll keep you informed. 

Please give me a piece of 'New York Daily'. You are late. The last piece has sold out. Really? Is there a Wall Street Journal ', please? There are several, take a piece. The crash appears in the headline. It is famous for offering catastrophe stories. I have a long flight for ten hours. I need to choose a magazine. 

That was a nice funeral. Yes, Dad, it was. The son gave a nice speech about his father. 
It was long, too. I think it was about 45 minutes long. But it went by fast. It was interesting. I liked it. I will give you a speech like that, too. Do you think anyone will come to my funeral?  Of course. I think only the family will be there. You have lots of friends. They will be there, too! 

May I help you, sir? Yes, I have many things to buy. I would like to choose the cleaning milk first. All right. What is your type of skin? Dry. That is my problem. You can use this. It has a special effect for keeping your face moisturised. It has this lotion, as a gift attached. Sounds good. What about shampoo? I would like to buy a product that prevents scurf. 

Hello, Cindy. Congratulations! I hear you're getting married. Yes, Mr Emory. Thank you. When's the big day? We're planning a June wedding, but we haven't picked a date yet. 

Has your son started school yet, Tom? Next week, it is going to be quite a shock for him! He will get used to it. They always do. I still remember when my daughter started. Are you going with him on his first day? You bet. I would not miss it! 

Hi, are you being helped? No, I am not. I am interested in some scarves. All our scarves are in this section. What do you think of this one here? It is made of silk. Hm, It looks nice, but I would like to have something warm for the winter. Maybe you would like a heavy wool scarves. How about this one? I think that is what I want. How much is it? It is 75 dollars plus tax. It is a little expensive. Do you think it is possible to get a discount? Since you like it so much, how about a 10 % discount? That is the best I can offer. That is good. Could you wrap it for me? Sure. Is there anything else I can get for you? No, that should be it. Thank you! 

John! Wait a second! I was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee. You want to come? I have got some good news! Sure. Let me just grab my wallet. You certainly do look happy this morning. I am. Do not worry about getting your wallet. It is my treat. This is a first! You must have won the lottery. 

I was wondering whether you could ship the tennis racket overseas to Taiwan. I am sorry we do not ship overseas. It is too much trouble. I understand you don not have a history of shipping overseas, but I am willing to pay extra for shipping. Maybe we could make an exception for you if you win the bid. Thanks so much! By the way, is the racket really Serena Williams? Yes. You will get a picture of Serena playing with the racket and a document from her. 

Good morning, sir. Good morning. I would like a business suit made with this material. Do you have a particular style in mind? The kind that never goes out of fashion, I guess. I think you should realise that even the most conservative style changes. 

Hello baseball fans, and welcome back to today's game! My name is Rick Fields and of course, I am here, once again, with the man that seals the deal, Bob Copeland. It's a beautiful day to see two world class teams face each other and fight for their right to be called champions. Well, the national anthem has just been sung, and the umpire has started the game. It's time to play ball! Roger Vargas is up at bat. The pitcher winds up and strike one! A very nice curveball by the pitcher. The catcher gives him the sign, he winds up and Vargas gets a line drive! The players are scrambling to get the ball. Vargas gets to first base and he's still going! The outfielder throws it to second! Vargas slides! He's safe!