Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ? Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ? How about tomorrow afternoon ? Sure . Where shall I meet you ? At the gate of the park . Great . I look forward to meeting you . See you then . See you .

I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it ? Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team . Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski ? Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration . Could you move smoothly ?  Yes. My face even ached in the icy wind . What happened afterwards ? I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was . Poor girl !

Hello , how are you today . Here for your six month check-up ? I'm fine , Dr . Beecham . Yes , just a cleaning and check-up today . Oh , fine . Let's take a look . ( She probed my teeth and checked my gums . ) Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We need to fill that cavity before it gets any worse and the crown needs to be refitted . Make an appointment for next week and I'll take care of them . Okay , I'll do that , but my crown was just put on last year . Will my dental insurance cover the work ? Since you had that done here , we'll take care of it . There won't be a charge . And , your insurance should cover the work on the cavity . Now , I'm going to have the hygienist do your cleaning and I'll see you soon for the other work . Thanks , doctor .

Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia . Nice to meet you , Lean . My name is Alike . I'm from Japan . To me English is a difficult language . A second language is always difficult . True , but English is harder than most . It's a crazy language . A crazy language ? Why do you say that ? One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings . No wonder you say English is a crazy language .

Can I help you ? I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look . I'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ? My paper is on the influence of television on children . There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television . Thank you for you help .

Hong , I really need to call back to the UK but I can ' t afford to pay for the roaming charges . Well , why don ' t you use a local SIM card ? Can I do that ? Yes . Just go to the convenience store and ask for a SIM card . Then insert it into your phone . I see . How much will that cost ? Well it ' s 100 RIB for the SIM card then it will cost you about 10 RIB per minute to call the UK . Wow , that is cheap . Thank you very much .

Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning . I know them . They are the two brothers living next door . Brothers ? Do you know why they quarreled ? It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers . Is there anybody acting as mediator in the dispute ? No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' .

Does anyone mind me turning on the air conditioning ? It's hot in here . Actually , I prefer if you didn't . Air conditioning makes me sneeze . All right . I'm opening the window , though , is that OK ? Oh , sure . It's very stuffy in here .

More and more women don ' t want to stay at home and keep house now . This is the result of women ' s liberation . Now , many people think that women ' s liberation is a kind of civilization , but children are getting less love from their mother because of that . What is your opinion ? I have no idea .

It's almost Christmas . What are you doing this weekend ? Nothing special , just working . Why do you ask ? Well , I still haven't finished my Christmas shopping . Do you want to go shopping with me this weekend ? I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I can . Work has been really busy lately . Why don't we go on Friday instead ? Friday's not good . I think the stores will be very crowded and I have to work . OK , then let's try to go this weekend . I should know if I can go by Friday . Is it OK if I call you then ? Yeah , that's fine.

Hi , I come to pick up my laundry . This is the invoice . Here you are . We've ironed them for you already . Please check and see if there is any damage . I'm afraid that a button is missing . I'm terribly sorry . You know we are so busy today and we forget to sew the button back on . Please wait a moment . It will be ready soon . OK , please . Would you like to have a look ? Is it to your satisfaction ? Well , oh my God , there is another problem , I'm afraid . There is still a stain on the shirt . It doesn't seem like that . Sorry , sir , we've tried everything , but we're not able to get it off the shirt .